Simplified: It is actually a good day. .
Simplified: Clive Charles was an American football coach player.
Simplified: Kerberos was developed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Simplified: When Anton Szandor LaVey died, Blanche Barton became the new leader of the Church.
Simplified: Two other Vezina winning goaltenders, Roy Worters and Al Rollins, also won the Hart Memorial Trophy.
Simplified: Nienburg is a city in Germany. It is the capital of the district Nienburg.
Simplified: In 1872 the Great Eastern Railway opened new branch to Hackney Downs. To serve this new branch a new junction was built in.
Simplified: The Meters were an American R&B band from New Orleans, Louisiana. Their best known songs are "Sophisticated Cissy" and "Cissy Strut".
Simplified: The Wanderers loaned Holmes to the Seattle Metropolitans of the PCHA. He then played one game for the Metropolitans before going back to the Wanderers.
Simplified: The geocentric model is a parallax the same as planetary parallax. Because of this, it was thought that stellar parallax was also like planetary parallax.
Simplified: Walking Trees: Teaching Teachers in in in New York City Schools is a book by Ralph Fletcher. It is about his experience working as a teacher trainer in the New York City school system.
Simplified: Between 1403 and 1422 some of these lands were taken by Uri, but later on they lost them as well.
Simplified: For example, No. 2 2 2 fuel oil, No. 2 diesel fuel oil and No. 2 2 2 2 distillate are almost the same thing.
Simplified: Two years later, on October 4, 2005, Metric released their second full-length album, Live It Out...
Simplified: Areas of the state far away from the Gulf often get a lot of rain from the storms. These storms often get a lot of rain as they move inland.
Simplified: In 1999, the show won the Primetime Emmy Award for program.
Simplified: In May 2007, Universal bought BMG Music Publishing Group to become the world's largest music publisher on. This made Universal the largest music publisher in the world.
Simplified: The Mongolic languages are a language family. They are a group of languages in Central Asia.French-Canadian expression of surprise and astonishment meaning
Simplified: This would explain why Paul Bunyan's last name is "Bunyan". The word "Bunyan" comes from the French-Canadian word "Bonyenne" which means "Good Grief" or "My Goodness".
Simplified: Villamanín is a city in Spain. It is located in the province of León, Castile and León.
Simplified: 112 is an American R&B group groups is American. They have won a Grammy Award.
Simplified: The album was released on November 4, 2002 in the United States. The album got to number 19 on the US Top Independent Albums chart..,
Simplified: West was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. While he was there, he became an Eagle Scout. He went to high school there, and he graduated in 1959.
Simplified: Rigel has been a known visual binary since at least 1831 has been known by Rigel, when it was first measured by F. G. W. Struve . Rigel B is not particularly faint at magnitude 6.7, but it is very close to Rigel A, which is over 500 times brighter. At Rigel 's estimated distance , Rigel B is separated from its primary by over 2200 AU, so they do not seem to move around each other very much.
Simplified: 271 & ndash; 301: A period of dynastic struggle.
Simplified: This is usually because they lack vitamin B or folic acid.
Simplified: Savonarola was born in Ferrara, Italy. At that time Ferrara was an independent country.
Simplified: In 1993, Dushku got over a role as Pearl in the movie This Boy's Life. Dushku said that this this role opened a lot of door for her.
Simplified: This is a list of the shortest popes in history.
Simplified: In general, the climate is warm and humid. The sea currents make the climate this way.
Simplified: General von vo Gruennel and General Weygand are not mentioned in the books.
